I will explain that the result of this personal investigation and yes
about why these products function
very simple
elle where you are seeing there are people that maybe
This program is going to see different parts of Latin America in different
different countries places
Anyone
china colombia costa rica panama uruguay mexico united states even though
will create and very worthy all human beings
We are made
of exact
mind the same substances
the same atoms the same cells
in this gives the reason
Within this head there are many differences
the brain you have ideas thoughts theories
but we're not going to talk about that
any human being
from anywhere in the world
You can use this product
because simply and simply is the same as you
The human body is composed of five systems
when I talk about five systems 12 that these basic information I know that
this is
for public one primary
but many of us did not pay attention to this information if
we would have paid attention to these biology classes in elementary school
we would understand this simple theory
but deeper than you think
The human body is composed of five systems
the first system
the circulatory system today to omar and what is the circulatory system for?
I am no medical authority
but these common knowledge
circulatory system the only thing that makes
is that all your old leads in the blood to all the organs of your body
the muscles and so on
it's simple and simple
and what happens
If I have a weakened circulatory system
which means that your heart is going to try harder when you try harder
will have to work double
it means that your heart has a life time
from 40 to 50 70 80 100 years
and you make it work double you can contribute your life time that simple
as simple as that
ohio sea
and what happens to my respiratory system
he is weak because what is going to happen that you are going to catch cold very easy that you are going to
have diseases that have to do with the respiratory system
today to omar
with my digestive system by rock to go to the bathroom or ultra problems
to digest food
stomach upsets
all that guy proposes more physicists
these products do not
cured
It is very important that you understand this concept
the products do not cure
but what do they do strengthen the systems
Strengthen your system
respiratory
Strengthens your digestive system
Strengthens your immune system Realize that the immune system
Sun was clear that you bring within your body comes a disease
that the human brain the organizer of lazy to work
raised by experts
commonly called as antibodies
to defend attack
and to kill the virus the disease efe alba
because it is functional
these products
if you have a strengthened respiratory system
if you have a strengthened digestive circulatory system strengthened
immune strengthened
I a nervous system
strengthened you will sleep well
you will have excellent health, you will have an excellent energy
your heart are going to throw everything will happen
pure free your digestive system baer eat food
low take the best and the rest doval sign
means
that these products serve you
to strengthen the systems of your entire body
the model works
it is proven that it works and if together
a proven economic model what works?
with a product
what's wrong with it
Nobel Prizes
that has quality scientists
and what does it work that works and what
More than 40 million customers in 70 countries think about this data 40
millions of customers
in 60 countries
there are more than 108 million independent distributors
what they do does exactly what you are convinced you are going to
do
soon in your life
something very simple to talk to people
very simple
First take the product try it because if you do not try it you can not talk
of the
since he did not specify when he begins to see the benefits in you
you will not have another
you're going to talk to people and as soon as you start talking to people, people
will ask you to recommend the product and you will create
your small business but this small business can be converted into
a great business and it can turn out to be your way to retire and
achieve what you've always wanted
Financial Independence
I want to close
this segment with this reflection
the study method
it is resorted very competitive percent of people
and there are only a few who achieve it
the method of trade is very competitive there is a lot of unfair competition
It's a lot of people that nothing else is waiting for you to make mistakes
to hurt you
apart that it needs money and unfortunately it is what we do not have
the method of going to another country
to try to improve your quality of life
It is a very high price
the price is your family
those who hamas and sometimes do not find what I was looking for
what can you lose
test the product
take it the worst thing that can happen to you is that you feel good
the most you can lose
they are fifth
the worst that can happen in your life
is that you feel excellent as a human being
and that little by little
start to improve your economy
it is very important success
You will not get rich overnight Do not let them fool you
saying that
but it seems that
little by little you can improve your economy and in ten years
If you gave 10 years to this company peace start
to improve your standard of living
in an impressive way I have seen it
hundreds of people in different countries
in mexico in the united states I travel through Mexico different cities and I see
people who were housewives I would go earn 100 200 300 thousand pesos per month 20 30
40 thousand dollars a month I see people who were indigenous in low kapiti a day
They give talks stop you in front of the public and earn your 10 thousand dollars
monthly q100 thousand pesos monthly
I have seen miracles
social miracles psychological miracles in this company the most beautiful thing is
that you can be
one of these miracles
like to improve your quality of life
would you like a better family
you like it and a better house
you would like a better job that allows you to perform and feel proud
of what you do
you would like to travel from time to time because you deserve it
would you like it
it can be a path
what are you missing
dare to climb
I had to point that without forgetting to tell you the next training
the person who had this video
at the moment where you are seeing it, I am absolutely sure that there is a
independent distributor
authorized by our company
and that is there
to give you information
ask about product ask how you do to sign up
tell him that lg try the product
there is some method in fourth place to the product very fast
cheap simple cheap
dare yourself
do it now
asks for information on how to start the business
but do not let it go because if you let it go
the opportunity
if you can, it's smoking
of the hands and I think
that at this point in your life you do not have time to lose that way
Ask the person who gave you your information about how you can
register our company
How can I use it to consume the product?
and what is the next closest training for you to deliver and
reach what you've always wanted success in this company